Celeen Rusk
512-775-7887
celeenrusk@gmail.com

Github: http://www.github.com/celeen 
Blog: http://celeen.gtihub.io 
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/celeen

---

Summary

I'm a junior web developer with experience in sales and customer service, and
a believer that great intrinsic reward and growth come from seeking discomfort and challenge.

---

Skills

Ruby on Rails (or with Sinatra), HTML and CSS (Sass, Frameworks, Libraries), Javascript (Jquery, AJAX), SQL, MongoDB, Agile Process, Object Oriented Design, Git Version Control (and best practices), TDD (Rspec, Capybara, Jasmine, Driver code), Deployment (Heroku, Digital Ocean)

---

Projects

[Emotional Securities](http://emotionalsecurities.herokuapp.com) is a web app that explores the realtionship between public opinion of a company, and its stock price. The initial site was constructed in 8 days, as a final project at Dev Bootcamp.
-[Sourcecode](https://github.com/celeen/EmotionalSecurities)-

[OneTaste](http://onetasteatatime.herokuapp.com) is a social networking website for foodies. Users can share their experiences with different restaurants through reviews, connect with each other, share their food photos, and vote on each others' reviews.
-[Sourcecode](https://github.com/tjhernandez34/OneTaste)-

[Survey Unicorn](surveyunicorn.herokuapp.com) was a 3 day project from Dev Bootcamp, intended to flex our muscles building CRUD apps in Sinatra.

---

Experience



Web Developer in Training: June 2014 - August 2014
Dev Bootcamp: Chicago, IL

Completed a 9-week intensive program on web development that focuses on Ruby on Rails. In a short period of time, I learned a ton of technical skills (as seen above), but ultimately, I learned how to learn quickly.

As an added bonus, I learned how to hone soft skills as they pertain to the technical world, with workshops ranging from how to respect diversity in the workplace, to managing your own ego, to strategies for working with different DISC types.



Specialist: August 2011 - May 2014
Apple Retail: Chicago, IL

Engaged customers in the discovery of some really cool tech that provides solutions to problems they sometimes didn't know they had. I worked in a high pace environment, with a close knit team, mentoring, supporting, improving morale, and driving results for the store. We all worked hard to provide the best solutions to all the people who walked in the door.



Science Support Staff: September 2009 - June 2011
NANA Services and Raytheon Polar Service: McMurdo Station, Antarctica 

Furthered scientific research in the antarctic as as a dishwasher, and a recycling technician.

Honed my ability to work in closely knit teams and in high pressure and harsh environments;
Sharpened attention to detail, particularly in repetitive tasks (like loading refrigerated shipping containers with barrels of human waste with a forklift for 12 hours a day without puncturing the barrels, or the containers).

Between work contracts in the Antarctic, I travelled and did volunteer work around the world, learning firsthand through experience. Most notably, I learned passable spanish in three weeks while traveling around Colombia and Ecuador.



Temporary Office Worker: June 2008 - September 2009
Various Employers: Chicago, IL

Engaged in various admin and customer service roles, most notably for a period of 6 months as a telephone customer service representative at CCH, where I was promoted to being a point of contact for the company's west coast sales reps.

---

Education

Bachelor's of Music in Music Business- 2008
Millikin University: Decatur, IL

---